Hey, everybody. And we'll get started in a moment. I guess we can cover it then. But
Michael is in a hotel, I think. Yeah, I'm just living large, man. I'm just staying in
hotels in my own city. It's fine. We'll talk about that during the show. Yeah. Okay. Well,
let's kick it off and then we'll do a little bit of a bit of that. So hello and welcome
to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds. This
is episode 367, recorded January 16, 2024. And I am Brian Okken. And I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I guess we do have a sponsor today. So that's awesome. But Michael, do you want to
tell us why you're not? Yeah, for people who are listening, maybe they hear a slightly
different setup for me. For people who might watch the video, well, that right there in
the background is lovely and very icy Portland, Oregon. And so I'll go ahead and put this
on the screen and people can check out if they feel like they can check out the YouTube
stream at like one minute 19 seconds. This is the entrance to my house, Brian. And it
looks like an apocalypse. Just every I would say every block or so there's like a hundred
foot tree that's fallen somewhere. And it's just taken out the power in so many ways.
It's like it was now it's 13 now it's 18 degrees Fahrenheit. So negative nine, something like
that Celsius, no power for five days, not a place for podcasting. So I'm hanging out
here in downtown in a hotel with the family until the power comes back on. Hopefully today,
fingers crossed. Well, hopefully. Yeah, hopefully. There's actually quite a few people in Portland
without power and that did experience power outages and pipes bursting and things like
that. And, you know, for people that are in parts of the country where they get like way
colder than us it might seem like we're just being wusses. But what we get here is often
very heavy rain or heavy snow or freezing rain. And the freezing rain just weighs down
trees and bricks, power lines and stuff like that. Absolutely. And this had up to a hundred
mile an hour winds with these really old trees. And also just the city is not really built
for it. We don't get it enough that they have infrastructures for it. So it's like, oh,
it snowed three inches. So just good luck with that. We're not going to do anything,
right? No salt, no gravel. Just hope that works out. So anyway, it's been all right,
but yeah, different setup, Brian. So thanks everyone for the understanding. Indeed. And
also I want to say thanks to Bright Data. We'll talk more about them for sponsoring
the show, but yeah, let's, let's talk about something contrarian, I guess you would say,
Brian. Okay. You know, many people I'm sure heard of 37 signals, right? David Hennemeier
Hanson. He's the guy who created Ruby on Rails most notably, but there's also Basecamp and
Heymail and all that kind of stuff. Right? Yeah. So needless to say, they run a ton of
SaaS products in the cloud and they, I came across what I guess was more or less some
kind of like conclusion to a bunch of conversations and stuff they've been working on. And so
I'll work my way backwards just a little bit, but it's pretty fascinating. And the headline
on the post is we have left the cloud. Brian, I thought we were all told to go to the cloud.
I mean, we saw the picture of what happens when the clouds get angry. So I understand
why you might leave the clouds, but more seriously, like clouds are supposed to save us. They
save us money. They give us agility, et cetera, et cetera. Right. Yeah. So hence the contrarian
aspect, right? Yeah. Like I guess it's not like 37 signals is the same sort of places
of like a lot of startups, but you know, that's true. If you were in, in, they do make
that point. Like if, if you are an early stage startup where the costs are low, by all means
cloud it up. But as I guess one of the big lessons here is the more that you get like
the cloud hooks and the sort of abstract sense into your app, the more it might set
you up for a tough time as you get bigger. Right. So let me get to this and we can, we
can talk a bit more about that. So, let's, so they say we stand to save over $7 million
in five years from our cloud exit. And so why do they not just say, well, that's 1.2
or 1. whatever it is, 1.1 million per year because of our cloud exit, because what they
did is they went and they bought. So when they said they left the cloud, they didn't
mean just like we're not using Kubernetes or we're not using a Lambdas and serverless.
Like they are, they bought physical hardware. Okay. So they've got these, these big pallets
and what they did is they bought this Dell, 20 Dell R7625 servers, which don't mean
a lot to me, maybe due to some people, but it basically takes up like two server racks.
And that means 4,000 CPUs, 7.7 terabytes of Ram and almost a half a petabyte of high speed
SSD storage. And that costs them $600,000 to buy that, which is a lot of money. However,
they were paying like 1.2 million a year in cloud prices and cloud to AWS basically. And
so after six months it's paid for in the five years part is they expect this hardware to
last them five years. And apparently it's super, super fast. So, it's, it's pretty
interesting. I would really recommend people go through and read this, what some of
the values were. And basically what they did is they said, we're going to buy like a really
big server. I know it's a bunch of kind of CPUs and stuff, but they kind of clustered
into like one compute cluster. And then they, they came up with this thing called, it's
kind of like Kubernetes called Camel, which would work for Python, but I think originally
they're deploying rails apps on it and basically gives you zero downtime slices of this giant
server. And the reason this really fascinates me is this, this whole philosophy here, it's,
it's also not just, Hey, they're leaving the cloud because, you know, many people are
running to the cloud, but it's also, they're getting a really huge server, like one huge
server rather than a whole bunch of small distributed servers, which also was like a
little bit the way that, the cloud was initially sold, right? We'll get commodity
hardware. You buy a bunch of little small slices all over the place. You can buy more
small slices with auto scaling if you need. And instead they're like, now this and sort
of along those same lines is I little while ago interviewed Mark Russinovich, the CTO
of Azure at Microsoft, super cool guy, really, really smart, but also CTO of Azure. And he
talked about how they started out with a bunch of small machines as well, and they're just
getting bigger and bigger ones and slicing them up for tenants to be using them. So I
think this is also a really interesting trend that we're going to see more of is like more,
more big machines rather than a bunch of small machines that then maybe you slice up with
Docker or Kubernetes or other things. And Brian, we've hardly even talked about this
yet. But that has changed the way I got to type holding, holding the mic in the wrong
hand here for typing. That's changed the way that I'm running a lot of our infrastructure.
So I've been thinking about this for a while and reading this stuff. I thought I'd make
the first topic of our show. But also, I had eight servers for all the talk Python and
Python bytes infrastructure, you know, some database server stuff, one that ran Python
bytes, a bunch of services and a bunch of small machines, right? And I'm like, you know,
why am I messing with all these small machines? So I ended up consolidating like last week,
all of that into one big, big server, just running a bunch of multi tier Docker setups
over there. And it's glorious, right? One machine runs great. There's a single command
I typed upgrade, like 13 different web apps all at once. That means upgrade their server
infrastructure, upgrade their potentially to ship their new dependencies to rebuild
them all of that kind of stuff. One command. It's interesting. So yeah, it's really interesting.
It's really different. It let me like, quickly and easily throw in some more things. And
also, I think it's better for security, right? Like I had, like little FastAPI apps that
were just like little utility things running that I didn't pay this much attention to as
I did the other apps. And so you know, they just didn't, they didn't get their dependencies
updated as frequently, frequently, and their Python versions revved as frequently. And
if something happened to them, right, it's on technically on the same VM, right? That's
an issue. But now they're, they're all locked up behind like a Docker container. So it's
a little more isolation as well. Anyway, it's this whole, I encourage people to read through
I put a bunch of different parts of this story in for the 37 signals we've left the cloud.
It's worth reading. I'll just go through really quick the five values. And then this is kind
of a long segment. So I'll, I'll move us on. But here are the five values guiding our cloud
exit. We value independence above all else and being trapped in Amazon cloud is not great.
We serve the internet. This business owes its entire existence to the societal and economic
aberration that is the internet in a positive way. And we don't want to just be locked up
behind a few hyperscalers. We want to be kind of just on the internet on our own terms,
spend money wisely, even if you have lots of money, you know, they're getting better
value for money. Leading the way, the cloud has been sold as the answer to SAS companies
want it so sure. And they seek adventure and you bet they do. So anyway, it's not leaving
data centers. They have that in a managed data center. They just have it on hardware
that they own. So anyway, what do you think about all this?
So a lot of this is I think it's interesting that it affects you even like that you that
you're you're not okay. When you said you put them all on one machine, you're not it's
you don't have like a server in your basement or something.
No, no. So what I did is I instead of having a bunch of small VMs at DigitalOcean, I bought
one big VM. Okay, what I have right now is like eight gigs, four CPUs, but I'm pretty
sure I'm going to switch to like 16 gigs and eight CPUs. And even that would be cheaper
than what I was doing before. And it's still it. And the other thing that's interesting,
we're in danger of going super long on this, but but because all those different apps are
sharing, let's say the final destination of eight CPUs, their spikes in performance are
not at the same time. Like what makes talk Python or Python bytes spike in load is not
the same that what makes the courses spike on load, like a new course release or like
Black Friday or something like that is very unlikely to intersect with when a podcast
is released, because I'm busy doing one or the other, right. And so they basically has
access to all eight cores instead of that one gets two cores, that one gets one core.
And even though they're sharing, like basically in aggregate, it's the same number, because
the spikes don't line up, they get more capacity for whatever they're doing. It's pretty interesting.
Yeah. Okay. It is interesting. Well, let's, let's completely go to a short topic.
And I'd like to talk about little tiny scripts, or maybe big scripts, but single file applications.
So single file scripts. So I wanted to talk about PEP 723. And that is inline script metadata.
And one of the things that we've noticed come recently in this, this is authored, it's interesting
author. So the author is effect love, I think that's how you say his name. He's the dude
from hatch. So hatches, I guess, in packaging, so this is around packaging. And the idea
is that you've got a script has depend might have dependencies also, and it also might
depend on Python. And how we can't really tell Python, currently, that a script needs
a dependency or a particular version of Python. So this is an attempt to kind of fix that.
And there's some motivation and stuff at the top that I like, you know, kind of
skimmed through a little bit. No, I read it. But the, the real at the end is we're
going to put stuff like pyproject.toml. But in you can do it in a script. And this isn't
there yet. But there's an example where you just sort of do a pound sign and then like
a few slashes and then say script. And then after that, you can put a little bit of like
toml right in your as a comment. And the idea is something like,
right, like the world's craziest docstring sort of thing, right? Almost Yeah, I don't
understand. So supposedly, there's there's reasons behind the syntax. It's the weirdest
syntax I've ever seen. But maybe it's not quite shebang, but it's kind of shebang ish.
Yeah. But like they in their example, they're saying, okay, well, you've got a little a
little script that just requires, you know, that and this is going to be common, I think
actually, requires requests, and rich. So because it's going to like, grab something
off the internet, and it's going to print some stuff and wants to do it with color and
whatever. But how do you do that without packaging it? And, and here's one way is to just tell
Python that it needs these other things. So there's a, it's, I don't really completely
understand this, like how what are the back end? What's going to happen? What is
I think the different tools will treat this different? Because my question is really where
are these dependencies going to be installed? That is it? Like, if I just say, I guess it
depends on the thing. So if you're going to do if it hatch, for instance, or pip X might
handle this. So if I say pip X, you know, run this script, and it finds this, it'll
probably create a pip X virtual environment area. And hatch will do the same thing in
a different manner. But behind the scenes, grab, like create a little virtual environment.
This kind of it mostly it seems like it's hiding virtual environment and dependency
installs from users, but it's probably needed. So anyway, what do you think of this?
I think it's interesting. Similar to installed, as Liz is pointing out, sounds very similar
to installed that we talked about not too long ago. And I think it solves an interesting
problem. All of these do have that, that little bit of a bootstrap that has to happen, right?
For or something. For this to work, it's not built into Python, right? And so you've got
to have like one library installed that then you can use to run and kick off all the other
runs. But if you somehow make that happen, or get your company to agree, like, we're
all going to have this foundation, and then it just runs. I think that's pretty excellent.
So yeah, very cool. And I think Ofek is killing it, right? He's being really creative and
working a lot of different things. And this is a pep, right? So if this was built into
Python, then all of a sudden, yeah, we can have it run. So okay, for some reason, I flew
right over my head that it's a PEP and not just an extension to hatch. So yeah, this
is going to be, this could be super, super important.
And it was last updated in December. It's accepted now. I'm not sure how long it's been
accepted, but it's around the packaging. So peps with packaging are interesting because
we don't really have to wait for once they're accepted, we don't really have to wait for
a release of Python. Because things like pip and hatch and other things don't have the
same release cadence as Python. So this could be like, there's a note here that says, it's
not going to be declared final until at least a couple of tools utilize it. So far, there's
no tools that utilize it. But their example is possibly pip run and pip X. So and probably
hatch as well. It's considering who wrote it.
Yeah, yeah, I would imagine it might show up and might get support from hatch as well.
Yeah, funny, good, funny comments out there in the audience. He is about being rust inspired
indeed.
Brian, you know, you want to know what else is inspiring?
What?
Our sponsor, bright data.
Yeah.
Indeed. So I just want to say thank you to bright data for supporting the show. Check
them out at Python bytes.fm slash bright data. And there's good. Yeah.
Do we want to put their stuff on the
show? We do. And somehow I did not quite. We did quite. There we go. Awesome. Yeah.
So there's tons and tons of data out on the internet, unimaginable amounts of data, right?
And we're lucky to live in a time where so much of this is behind structured API's. And
you can go and access it with HTTPS requests or whatever. But the truth is that most of
the data is not served up over a clean API's. It's just sitting there on a web page as gnarly
HTML. Maybe it's even worse than that. Maybe it's obscured behind some front end framework
like react, where when you actually look at the HTML, it just says, pull in the react
app. Good luck with that. And then something else happens somewhere along the way, right?
So getting access that data can be hard. What's the answer? Well, web scraping, everyone says,
true, but just like you wouldn't want to set up your production infrastructure in your
home office, running web scraping jobs on a single computer, even in a data center can
lead to your program being potentially unreliable with data pinned where whatever access source
source you're accessing thinks you're located, right? So maybe there's different data if
you're in the EU than if you're in Ohio, but your computer is in Ohio. So there you go.
Or you know, it gets blocked because of rate limiting or other types of things like that,
right? So if you need to do professional web scraping, check out bright data have award
winning proxy network with millions of different places to access data from and powerful web
scrapers. They have even ready to go data sets you can download. So they've already
like curated these data sets, and you can just access them and get updates from them
and not even do web scraping, which is awesome. So they got a whole marketplace for that.
And everyone knows, we're probably going to come back to it some more and privacy conscious
stuff that I really care about. And they are both CCPA and GDPR compliant. They have low
code solutions as well as Python programming models with asyncio and playwrights. So if
you have serious data needs, and those websites that have the data don't offer an API, then
you need to check out bright data. Give them a try at Python bytes, data fam slash bright
data. And please use that URL so you know that they heard from us. Thank you to bright
data for supporting the show links in your podcast player show notes. So pretty awesome.
All right, back to the next thing. So this is super exciting. And it came I believe this
was sent in by blahs. Let me check. Yeah, blahs. So this over Thank you, blahs for pointing
this out. So I've had Fedor fitsner on Python before. And we've talked about flat. And flat
is basically flutter, but with a Python programming API, right? flutter is actually how we built
the apps at talk Python, right for courses. Super cool framework, but you're writing Dart
and Dart is good, but it's not Python. Right. And so it'd be great to be able to write that
kind of code. Here's an example. By the way, Brian, we talked about fast UI. And I said,
oh, that reminds me this sort of hierarchical code structure reminds me of of flutter. Right.
And so here's the same thing, the flutter UI, but in Python code instead of Dart. And
the link for this code is in the show notes, you can check it out. Right. So the big news
is you can now build a PKs for Android. And for those of you who have not suffered the
indignity of the app stores, the way you get something into the Google Play Stores, you
build what's called an APK. And then you send them that they process it. And then that's
what gets shipped out to run on the phones on Android. So this means, even though flat
built flutter apps, you couldn't really deploy it, you could kind of get the flat app and
then put your Python code on there. But that's not like your app that's like Jupyter or something
like that kind of. So this is awesome. This means that people can now build apps that
go in the app store, at least for Android with flutter, with flutter and flat and Python
in particular. We'll see about iOS. It's on the roadmap. So super exciting. Yeah. I mean,
I would have used I would have used flat if I was sure I could get it to build and ship
and on front things. I'd much rather done that than use flutter or a dart, you know,
for flutter. But you got to work with the building blocks you got. And this one just
got better. So exciting. Yeah. Oh, also really quick in the show notes. There's a video by
this guy called neural nine is called neural nine, walking through the steps to do that
all that built. So you want to see how it works. You can watch that eight minute video.
Cool. Neat. So for that, that's for Android apps for command line, normal command line
stuff. I was going to talk about Harlequin. So there's a lot of people that use a sequel
and SQLite for different purposes, of course, for databases. But to take a look at your
SQLite data, there is a an ID called Harlequin. I don't think we've covered it. But but it's
a it's an open source Python project that it looks like it's it looks pretty cool. It's
got on the we're showing on the screen the little snippet or screenshot. You've got
kind of your tables, your data catalog on the left left panel. They've got a query editor
and then some query results at the bottom right. And it actually looks pretty slick
for for like quickly going through some data. I don't it looks like it has hooks to go into
Duck TV and SQLite. That's why I brought up SQLite. And I'd probably use it for SQLite.
I haven't used it. People don't know. Duck TV is also in process very much like SQLite,
but it's columnar instead of row based. So they're kind of in the same. OK, I guess.
Yeah. OK. Yeah, I haven't used it, but definitely SQLite use that a lot. So this is this is
a kind of fun. I like command line tools. This is neat. I wanted to it's kind of a short
topic. Just hey, if there's a command line interface for SQLite or Duck TV and and that's
fun. It looks like it runs on Linux, Mac and Windows, which is cool. But I was also one
of the things I've noticed is in like, for instance, a lot of Django tutorials, Django
starts with SQLite and you I mean, by default it does that. And I think that you can and
then you can specify other databases. But I noticed today a discussion on Mastodon that
I wanted to bring up kind of SQLite related. Jeff Triplett posted a post by somebody else
on Anze. But OK, Jeff's comment is this is a nice write up about using SQLite in production
with pitfalls and open questions. I cringe whenever I see some Django Python luminary
recommending people use SQLite in production. I don't care how good you are. You won't get
it right, even if you think you did. Anyway, so interesting, interesting commentary there.
So Anze's post was I wrote a blog post about using SQLite in production in dealing with
DB. DB is closed errors. Happy to hear your thoughts. So the article is called Django
SQLite and databases locked error and walks through those. And the kind of the reality
is Django doesn't, I guess, lock the database when it reads correctly. The transactions
are weird. And and a lot of the discussion around this really is if you're using if you're
using SQLite for a database that's mostly read only, most people are just reading stuff.
It'll probably work fine and it might work great and it might be way less hassle than
doing Postgres or something else. But if there are a lot of a lot of transactions that are
writing to it, if you have multiple multiple writers, then you've got you've got issues.
So just just thought this was an interesting discussion. I wanted to bring it up. Yeah,
it was interesting. I think it really depends on the type of app you got. Is it an analytics
thing that's writing like crazy or is it basically like the database here blog right where it's
really just you make an entry once a week if you're a good blogger? I mean, that kind
of thing. And then then it's all reads. Probably fine. Right. So somewhere in the middle, I
guess, like you can sort of turn that that bar or watch that gauge turn from green to
red as it gets closer to like a full analytics system. But yeah, it's pretty interesting.
Yeah. Hey, interesting discussion. So. Indeed. All right. What you got? Oh, we're done. We're
done. We're done. But we're not doing as I have many extras. Do you have extra? I've
got just a couple extras. So since I've got my screen up, I'll run through a couple extras.
I've been I've kind of start I started Python People podcast last summer and then kind of
ran out of time trying to get the Pytest course done. And so now I'm coming back and cleaning
up some things. So there's there's a few recent episodes that finally came out. So like I
stopped in October and then picked it up in January. So we've got Will Vincent and Julian
Sequeira and Pamela Fox episodes out now. So check those out. Oh, excellent. Yeah, those
are all great people. Many of them have been on this show as well. So very cool. Yeah.
Nice to see these go in there. They provide a really interesting look, like really out
of bounds looks into what people are doing. You know, like you and Paul talked a lot about
lacrosse, right. And empowering women and and not not the next pep. And that was really
interesting. And that's the fun. Some of the fun bits are to try to try to talk to kind
of dig deeper into stuff that like I normally don't ask about in like in like, for instance,
Julian Sequeira. Julian's a really pretty positive person. So I poked at that a bit
and tried to ask him, like, really, how did you get this mindset? I mean, clearly bad
stuff must happen to you. And so we talk about his his, you know, how does he get through
it and keep maintaining a positive mindset? So it's good. Anyway, what are your extras
for us? Let's see if I can find him here. OK, page find. Yes, that's the first one.
Page find. Brian, you and I, we both Hugo, right? Yeah. Hugo is awesome. Go Hugo for
people who don't know. Go Hugo dot IO. That's right. Super, super cool way to build static
websites, not just blogs, but static websites that are really, really powerful. And I learned
about this one from Mark Little. He also does a ton of stuff with Hugo and said, hey, you
should check out page find. So what what is this? I have no idea. So page find. This is
not just a Hugo thing, but for all static sites, it's a fully static search library.
Right. So for static sites, whether this is Flask, Freeze or Hugo or Pelican or whatever
you this is like a post build step thing that runs and it indexes all of your HTML or the
parts that you tell it to index or tell it to, you know, you can basically say don't
include this part or whatever. And that's no configuration. It has rich filtering. It
has custom sorting attributes in the way it structures. It's what it does basically is
JavaScript and it has an index that the JavaScript reads in. But the index broken into a bunch
of pieces. So the front end stuff can pull just little bits of it and not pull all the
results back basically. Right. So I added this over to my website where if you're over
here like Brian, we could see what I said about AI and check that out. Isn't that awesome?
So it finds all the different things that we could be talking about. But it also like
in my markdown I have like H1, H2, H3 and it will actually subdivide the results into
sections like what is in this section demarked by H2 on this one page. Oh, that's pretty
cool. That's really cool. Right. And it also does things like I don't know if I can see
any examples here, but if you if you type Y O it'll do like you yourself, etc. So it's
not even just like exact word matching. It's like a really smart search engine. And all
it takes is just running a script for like a couple of seconds after you build your static
site and then dropping the output into a like a known location. Is that cool or what? That's
very cool. It's one of the one of the issues I've had when switching to a static site is
not not knowing how to deal with the search part. Yeah. So I was psyched when Mark sent
this. Like, yes, this is going in. Yeah. The other part that that I'm trying to figure
out is how to get a decent contact form. So that's still still to be determined. Yeah.
I don't think page finds got help with that. But this is cool. This is really cool. So
it's very cool. I'll add it to my stuff to meet. It's it's incredibly fast. Like search
for AI and I'm on like hotel Wi Fi and it's nearly instant. Right. So that's that is super,
super cool. There's a lot of sites, even static sites. So like searching, searching, you'll
see the little spinner. You're like, what is it doing? Why is this search slow? No,
it should be instant. Right. And that's, you know, very much in line with like plugging
something like this into Hugo means like it's still instant. All right. I got a few more.
Let's let's blaze them. Okay. This is not to encourage people like more of a just interesting.
Hey, careful. We've got pi pi and pip. The JavaScript world has NPM. There's an article
called when everything becomes too much. The NPM package chaos of 2024. An NPM user named
pick JS launched a troll campaign with a package called everything that depended on every NPM
package there. So when you install it, it tries to install the, you know, millions of
NPM packages and it just, it destroyed it. Like, cause people were installing it and
it was just taking too much resources and so on. So the follies of package management,
how's that? Yeah. Nice. All right. I'll get a little out of order here. So Matthew Fikert
wanted us and we're happy to do so announce that the sci pi conference is coming and will
be in beautiful Tacoma, Washington this year. So if you're interested, check that out and
put a link to that. And the last thing is I wrote an essay called unsolicited advice
from Mozilla and Firefox about four things. I think, you know, three things I think they
did wrong and four things I think they could do to like absolutely both change the way
that the place of Firefox in the market and alleviate their, their insane dependency on
Google. Like not anti Google. I do stuff with Google. I love YouTube, things like that necessarily,
but I don't think they're congruent with Python with a Firefox is focused on privacy very
much. And also 95% of your company's revenue from one deal with one company that's kind
of at a whim could just change their mind. That's not a great place to be. I'd like to
see Firefox doing well. So I thought a lot about it and wrote about it, including they
should just lie about the agent, right? Like when a website says this site runs best on
Chrome and using this crappy old browser, we don't know about, you know why you never
see that on Vivaldi or brave because their user agent is identical to Chrome. So when
you get to the website, like, Oh, this is my favorite one. Perfect. We're good to go.
Right. How many people leave Firefox? Cause when they get to a site, it says, this doesn't
work well, you need to go get this other browser. They would stop saying that if Firefox just
said, Hey, our more Chrome, you know, things like that. Right. And sure it would hurt a
little, it would hurt their pride, but people leave Firefox because the website will refuse
to run. Right. Yeah. And if, if it, it probably would work, but if it's going to refuse to
work, then it's not going to work. Right. Things like that. So anyway, this is, I think
is a really fun article. I had a lot of fun thinking about it. So people can check that
out. And I think, don't want to dwell on this too much, but the, there are like
a lot of internal sites stuff. So a lot of people, do internal tools at companies
and the, they'll do that. It'll be like, it should use Chrome and somebody will try it
with Firefox and they'll be like, Oh, it doesn't work. And it probably does. It just, it just
blocks it for the heck of it. So exactly. And no one's going to update that site. Right.
That's just, yeah. Another thing that's just maybe interesting to put on people's radar
is another thing. a friend of mine, co-founded Queens is this thing called Island, which
is like a enterprise browser meant just for like giving enterprises super interesting
control over things like that. You're just talking about. So this is actually a super
interesting one of the things I think Firefox could do, but also it's just really interesting.
Island.io. People want to check that out. It sounds weird. Like why would you ever want
that? And then you watch the video or listen to it and you're like, actually, that's awesome.
So, okay. Like installed. Yeah. All right. Shall we joke? Yeah, let's do a joke. All
right. Well, this is a Linux joke is more than a Python joke, honestly. So Brian, have
you ever had a bike lock when there's really a combination lock for anything, but in this
case it's a bike lock, right? Okay. So here's a little character says my new bicycle lock
to keep my new bicycle secure. It has three digits. Let's see. So that's a thousand combinations
of what we could have. And then they start to rule out where the ridiculous ones, right?
Like one, two, three and stuff like, Hmm, nine, nine, eight. Maybe I am not silly enough
to use six, six, six, or seven, seven, seven to give full access to everyone. You know,
change a mod seven, seven, seven. Just gives it full access to the read, write access to
whatever you change mod.
That is funny.
Yeah.
Yeah. And obviously you wouldn't use seven, seven, seven.
I may be the wrong target market for this because it's sort of funny, but also I'm thinking
did bike locks really have three combinations, three numbers or were there four?
You're being way too practical. Like four or six or something like that. I had a smartphone
smart lock once and it was awesome. You would hold your phone up to it and it wouldn't lock.
I got it from my electric bike before my knees decided electric biking wasn't for me. And
one time I was out biking with a friend and I parked it in the summer in the sun and like
the electronics bit of it got direct sunlight and it's a black because it's a lock, right?
Got super hot, like so hot you couldn't hardly touch it, but also so hot that like the electronics
wouldn't run and I couldn't unlock. I had to like put it in the shade for an hour before
I could go home. I was so frustrated. I like covered it with my shirt or something and
just sat there until it cooled off so I could go home.
Oh, that's, that's bad. And then also I've seen like the combination to really kind
of doesn't matter. It's how thick the rest of the lock is because I've seen people just
come up with these like a battery powered just cutters and just cut the lock off.
Yeah, exactly. It's probably not the combination, but if you do have one, don't use seven, seven,
cause clearly that's going to, it'll just fall right off if you do that.
Just go with one, two, three, four.
Yeah, exactly.
That's fine. Anyway, well, thanks a lot. I hope you get power back at your house soon.
Thanks. I hope so too. Probably the power people said probably today, but you never
know. You never know.
All right. Well, good to be here with you.
Talk to everybody later. Bye.
Yeah. Bye everyone. Bye Brian.